docs: add weekly report 11.14 (#746)
iresty/iresty.github.io: website/blog/2021/11/16/weekly-report-1114.md

<!--truncate-->

## Introduction

Apache APISIX has grown as a community from the first day of open source and has quickly become the most active open source API gateway project in the world. These achievements cannot be achieved without the joint efforts of our community partners.

"If you want to go fast, go alone.If you want to go far, go together." The Apache APISIX Community Weekly Report hopes to help community members better understand the weekly progress of the Apache APISIX community and and facilitate everyone to participate in the Apache APISIX community.

We have also compiled some issues suitable for newcomers to the community to participate in! If you are interested, don't miss it!

## Contributor Statistics

![Contributors List](https://static.apiseven.com/202108/1636940255460-0c2ab16c-93f9-490a-ab89-89f057b2fa1c.png)

![New Contributors](https://static.apiseven.com/202108/1636942793677-0f64e00c-248c-4fd1-9cb4-ba059591e205.png)

## Good first issue

### Issue #5400

**Link**: https://github.com/apache/apisix/issues/5400

> **Issue description**: The http logs for Layer 7 are stored in acccess.log, so how does the Layer 4 proxy stream route enable logging and customize the log path? Traditionally, openresty can be implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Issue description**: The HTTP logs for Layer 7 are stored in acccess.log, so how does the Layer 4 proxy stream route enable logging and customize the log path? Traditionally, OpenResty can be implemented.
```

The Apache APISIX project website and the Github issue have accumulated a wealth of documentation and experience, so if you encounter problems, you can read the documentation, search the issue with keywords, or participate in the discussion on the issue to put forward your own ideas and practical experience.

## Recent Blog Recommendations

- [How Apache APISIX protects Airwallex data sovereignty through the gateway layer](https://apisix.apache.org/blog/2021/11/03/airwallex-usercase)：

  This article will bring you about how Airwallex uses Apache APISIX for gateway layer deployment to strengthen the construction of data sovereignty.

- [The observability of Apache APISIX](https://apisix.apache.org/blog/2021/11/04/skywalking)：

  This article introduces the observability capabilities of Apache APISIX and how to improve the observability capabilities of Apache APISIX through Apache SkyWalking.

- [Cloud Monitoring with Datadog in Apache APISIX](https://apisix.apache.org/blog/2021/11/12/apisix-datadog)：

>   Apache APISIX recently released a new plugin: [APISIX-Datadog](https://apisix.apache.org/docs/apisix/next/plugins/datadog/), to provide a deeper integration with Datadog. This article introduces the APISIX-Datadog Plugin and its capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Apache APISIX recently released a new plugin: [APISIX-Datadog](https://apisix.apache.org/blog/2021/11/12/apisix-datadog/), to provide a deeper integration with Datadog. This article introduces the APISIX-Datadog Plugin and its capabilities.
```
